you think you can fix me gene you are
not broken
[Music]
beautiful friend the pine there's a
fragile thing takes only the slightest
tap to tip it in the wrong direction
Charles what did you do I had to keep a
stable I protected her from the truth
there's another word for them
I came looking for answers you feel like
you don't belong here
you don't they can't begin to comprehend
what you are she's changing what you
didn't come here looking for answers
you came here looking for permission
she's one range
Payne that's all coming out at once
gene lost control if she still are fed
this is your fault Charles the world is
on the brink I'm sorry I didn't stop it
sooner you're always sorry Charles
and as always a speech and nobody cares
they're still
don't do this
they're right to fear me
I've seen evil
I'm looking at it now
[Music]